[EEG Browser] Typo, testplan and bugfixes. (#7737)
aces/Loris: modules/electrophysiology_browser/test/TestPlan.md

11. Click each "Download" button (there should be 5). Check: Does the download button work? Does the file that is downloaded have greater than 0kb size? Is a different file downloaded by each button? 
12. Test Breadcrumb link back to Electrophysiology Browser. [Automated Testing]

### C. Visualization  

> 13. Follow the [module README extra installation steps](modules/electrophysiology_browser#installation-requirements-to-use-the-visualization-features) 

Reviewer: This link isn't right. I think it should be "../README.md#installation-requirements-to-use-the-visualization-features" (haven't tested). It's currently pointing to a directory and the `modules/electrophysiology_browser` part is wrong since it's not in the root of the repo, so it would resolve to `modules/electrophysiology_browser/test/modules/electrophysiology_browser`

> 13. Follow the [module README extra installation steps](https://github.com/aces/Loris/tree/main/modules/electrophysiology_browser#installation-requirements-to-use-the-visualization-features) 

Reviewer 2: fixed in next commit [`802051f`](https://github.com/aces/Loris/pull/7737/commits/802051f00153f97d6418218711de4cc5df433b78)

> and make sure the [Signal Viewer panel] displays correctly on the screen. (Documentation: see modules/electrophysiology_browser/jsx/react-series-data-viewer#user-manual )

Reviewer: Is there supposed to be a link for the link?

> and make sure the [Signal Viewer panel](https://github.com/aces/Loris/tree/main/modules/electrophysiology_browser/jsx/react-series-data-viewer#user-manual) displays correctly on the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and make sure the [Signal Viewer panel] displays correctly on the screen. (Documentation: see modules/electrophysiology_browser/jsx/react-series-data-viewer#user-manual )
```
